My name is rohit pramod bale. i am from mumbai. i did my graduation in BMS from kirti M. doondursee college mumbai.
 i did my schooling from mumbai. we are four member in my family. mother,father,sister and me. my strength is
  i am honest, self motivated, quick learner and hard working. my short term goal is to get a job in reputed company
 in which i can grow my working skill and knowledge which help me in future.
 that all about me.

project
Data analysis is the process of inspecting, cleansing, transforming, and modeling data with the goal of discovering useful information,
 informing conclusions, and supporting decision-making. Data analysis has multiple facets and approaches, encompassing diverse 
 techniques under a variety of names, and is used in different business, science, and social science domains. In today's business
  world, data analysis plays a role in making decisions more scientific and helping businesses operate more effectively.
Data mining is a particular data analysis technique that focuses on statistical modeling and knowledge discovery for predictive rather 
than purely descriptive purposes, while business intelligence covers data analysis that relies heavily on aggregation, focusing mainly
 on business information. In statistical applications, data analysis can be divided into descriptive statistics, exploratory data 
 analysis, and confirmatory data analysis. EDA focuses on discovering new features in the data while CDA focuses on
  confirming or falsifying existing hypotheses. Predictive analytics focuses on the application of statistical models for 
  predictive forecasting or classification, while text analytics applies statistical, linguistic, and structural techniques to extract
   and classify information from textual sources, a species of unstructured data. All of the above are varieties of data analysis.
Data integration is a precursor to data analysis, and data analysis is closely linked to data visualization and data dissemination.

project 1
Exploratory data analysis
Once the datasets are cleaned, they can then be analyzed. Analysts may apply a variety of techniques, referred to as exploratory data
 analysis, to begin understanding the messages contained within the obtained data. The process of data exploration may result in 
 additional data cleaning or additional requests for data; thus, the initialization of the iterative phases mentioned in the lead
  paragraph of this section. Descriptive statistics, such as, the average or median, can be generated to aid in understanding the
   data. Data visualization is also a technique used, in which the analyst is able to examine the data in a graphical format in
    order to obtain additional insights, regarding the messages within the data.
